Macoli Calkin is the closest thing to a
child prodigy when we talk about
Hollywood in the 90s and this
kid when he was barely between 10 and 13
years old reached his peak of fame
and we're talking about a kid who at
that time rubbed shoulders and his
popularity was on par with
Michael Jordan, Michael Jackson with
whom by the way he was very good friends until the
day of his death in fact to this day he
maintains a family-like relationship
with Michael's children and his legacy as a
child still endures to this day almost
three decades later after Macoli and
Kalkin I think that there have been few
who have reached the same level of fame
and popularity that this
kid has had maybe the girl who
played
[Music]
Matilda from Harry Potter Hermione or
maybe Ron Wesley but it's true
that if I mention these characters
I'm sure
the image of the actors and all that stuff has come to mind
but most of the people who are
watching the video don't name the
actor or  at least not everyone I already know
that mawson You're going to mention
We've all talked about many cases of
kids with their childhood destroyed
by fame and money and how they
go crazy or them or their
guardians and I think that sincerely in this
video in the case of Mac kalkin we are
facing the most terrible neither Amanda bine nor
jiden Smith Although they were all
destroyed by fame, I think none
have fallen as deep as the
case of McCollin Perhaps the most
similar case was that of Justin Bieber although
with a small difference that in the
case of Justin Bieber Justin had as a
friend and godfather pap Daddy what an
element
no hours with didy him and his Boy um
they're having the Times of their lives Like Like Like You know
where we hanging
out What we doing we we can't really disclose It's
definitely aye old Dream
you know I have been given Cody him you
know he signed to user Usher I I Had
legal guardianship of Usher When you
know he he did his First album did
usher's First album I don't  really I
have legal guardianship of him but for
the next 48 hours he's with me so
um while moli was friends with
Michael Jackson who was one of the few
people who understood him in fact it's a
little strange that a 10 year old boy has
friends the same age as his parents but in Michael Jackson's case he wanted to be a kind of sponsor because Aba empathizes with him and so that the same thing that happened to him when he was a child with the Jackson Five wouldn't happen to him however in
Pat Daddy's case well I don't know if it was for some
strange reason or simply to take advantage of
the child's popularity give himself a
medal gain fame you never know no
fame can turn a child into a
star but many times the cost
is ending up mentally destroyed
all the children who end up badly have
abusive or negligent parents behind them who
want their children to live up to
expectations that maybe they
couldn't get the pre or whatever
some children were trapped
forever by fame we have for example
the case of greta tumber who tried to
starve herself to death in a depression that
later  the media disguised this as
a hunger strike for
climate change But what's going on, his case will
probably take more decades to be
known and for it to be well documented and to
speak clearly about what happened there or
maybe it is already lost forever
used by interested media governments and
mainly by his parents as a cash
register very similar to other
cases in the case of Macol and Kalkin we
have a father living through
his children one of his frustrated dreams
of being an actor his father who is called
Kit was a frustrated actor in the
80s he never managed to make a name for himself in
the New York theaters where he
lived with his wife with an increasing number
of children this guy and his wife
plunged into poverty had the great idea
of ​​exploiting his children to try to get
them to make money for him you know
this one live off your parents until you
can live off your children well this guy
took it a bit
literally and for a while it worked out well for him eh
in fact we could say that if he
hadn't been a bad person and vicious
Well if he hadn't been practically
the person that he was then he
could surely have lived as a [ __ ]  mother and
forgive me for the expression this man
offered his children to the producers
as if they were a product a
buffet or something like that depending
on the characteristics they were looking for in
each case the best known brothers of
mcol kalkin are kiran and rory kiran the
eldest still
works as an actor to this day and is doing very well
in fact recently he had a good
role in this hbo series the succession
in fact Kira one of his most
remembered roles was the movie itself
home alone one and two where he played the
cousin of maolin's character What's up
my kids welcome one
more day to the Channel I am Javi oliveira if you didn't
know me I invite you to subscribe in
this video we are going to talk about the success and
decline of Mao calkin and how he has
managed to get back on track pay attention because I will
tell you everything if you like this type
of content press the like button
okay it doesn't cost anything let's get to it
maoli kalkin's success was from very
early on from a very young age whether it was
roles in movies like for example the
time  midnight or the series Uncle
Back known in Spain as solos where
his big leap to fame was at age 8
in
1989 when his talent began to
stand out and the producers and
directors themselves realized that this
child was someone special.
Although obviously the role of his
life you already know what it is that by the way
Zlatan is called Home Alone I
have no [ __ ] idea why There are so many
differences between the titles they put
in Latin and the titles they put in
Spanish here all my life been
home alone in the United States ham alón
and the latan Home Alone put me in the
comment box Why do
you know the title of the movie and well
This movie is like the Maria Carey of
movies I'm sure that almost all of
you who are watching This video right
now raise your hand okay in
the comment box have seen this
movie that is broadcast on TV almost
every Christmas and always has an
audience only surpassed in box office
by goh we're talking about another
classic by Demy Moore above
movies like Pretty Woman Well
just look at the titles  what's in this
ranking not
476 million dollars at the time is
an absolute outrage fame was not long
in coming the photograph of macco calkin
was everywhere
bus stops signs on the road
everyone recognized this kid his
father saw the opportunity to make his
family millionaires using his son
although he was not the only one also Fox
seeing the success of the film wanted to
exploit the issue with merchandising works
clothes I don't even know how many sera museums
the figure of macco ckin is in with his
little hands like that on his face which we
will talk about later the house itself from
Home Alone became the most famous house
in all of Chicago and in May of this same
year 2024 it was for sale for 5
and a half million dollars Although an
important detail that I don't know if people know the
house was only used to film
the exteriors when they were inside
the house it was a set surely
when you see an image with this
expression only
two films can come to mind one maoli kin in
home alone and two the movie screen Although
in a different context Well it turns out that
this  This particular face gesture was
not part of the script but was
spontaneous from the boy himself after
forgetting the lees that were playing in that
scene in the
bathroom for example another curiosity of the
film about this famous scene in which
the thieves bite the child's hand
is that one of them went
a little bit too far with his hand Well better said his
mouth his teeth and bit too
hard so much so that he left a
scar on the child's hand as I was
saying I don't think anyone hasn't seen
this film but anyway the plot is
simple it's about a child who is forgotten by his family
at home when they go on
vacation for Christmas the success was such
that they recorded a second part in one of
Donald Trump's hotels and Trump
only asked them for a cameo
in the film in one scene this
second film practically repeated
the formula of the first and was also a
box office success It is surrounded by
classic films and is only
behind The Bodyguard I mean
we are talking about films by Kevin
Corner the actor of the moment in a
great film with Winnie Houston almost nothing
let's go the same as before you only
have to look at the titles that are there  here
on the list okay awesome joint smoke
between the two
movies macoli recorded the movie about my
girl Mich girl which by the way
preparing the script for this video
been remembering it a bit and really
one of my favorite movies in my
childhood with Ana klonsky which by the way
also has a story of traumas and
things like that I think it would also
be interesting to record a video
about her about this movie I have to
make a video Yes or yes because I
feel like it Come on when I've been
reviewing the script for this one and I've been
reviewing some clips from the
movie remembering it and so on and the number of
times that I've seen it as a Boy of that
movie I have to record a video for the
channel but come on Yes or yes we'll do it
[Music]
and really I would say put the
comments box if you agree
that maybe this was the only
successful role outside of home alone that maoli had
calling Although Well
the movie rich kid was also somewhat successful, which was
recorded a bit later when he was
13 years old Ricky rich in Latin America,
for that I would have put it I don't know
Ricky  Eddie or something like that if you
think you're so good stop talking
and start paying a bet Yeah, go
five and five beats you how about 10
okay seems excessive but
10,000 isn't 10 it's $ Ah $ okay
the shady part of all this was
real life an abusive father who used
his children as slaves hitting them and
forcing them to go into every
movie that was offered to him even though
sometimes the kids
Well he didn't feel like it and pay attention to the
numbers for the first ten alone at home
macoli they paid him $1,000 given the success it
had obviously for the second they
asked for a little more exactly 1.5
million dollars another million
dollars for the movie my girl and
for several other movies like for
example rich boy 10 million for each
one 10 million for each one eh is a
real figure quick biography of mak
kalkin he is the third of seven children he is the
son of Christopher Kate kalkin a
theater actor in New York and nephew of
Bon bedelia also an actress her older brother has appeared on Broadway and kieran the younger brother has appeared in films at the age of 4 she made her debut at the sapes symphony theater in New York in a play titled Back babies two years later she made her debut with the ensemble
studio catar where she would play Sami
in after co special or so imagine
this at 13 years old life is
completely resolved and despite that
your father humiliates you okay or so your father
with the control of your money the money
that you're earning he humiliates you and makes you
feel bad information that I have given about you
with all these things that you have done
in the cinema and in the theater have you had
time to play
Mac Yes yes between movies I go
home and well I go to school
normally and I meet up with my friends
we go to the movies to play videos at
Villar and you pass you pass your
subjects now yes yes Yes yeah well you are
a very smart and very hard working boy it was
said that the reasons that the father could
have for treating the child like this and making him
accept this type of interviews that  They were
very boring and all kinds of
events and meetings that the child was not
interested in and that he also spent his
money in an ostentatious way it could be
because he was envious of the child or
because the child was living what he had
not been able to and that in some way
despite the fact that he was allowing himself a
life of luxury at the expense of the child, he
could not see it otherwise. In other words, he could not
stand his son. Finally, McCollin,
as it could not be otherwise, ended badly
with his father, he had to get into
lawsuits with him. Until he managed to
take control of his finances from his father,
the mother also separated from the
father, they ended badly. Currently, the
father has no contact with any of
the children and the mother has claimed to have been
abused by this man. In fact,
Maol Calkin has stated in several
interviews that the only thing he has
learned from his father is how not to
be a person. Maoli Kalkin was a
prodigy who achieved everything that few
dream of in their life. At the age of 13, he returned
to school to live a, so to speak,
normal life but soon found himself involved
in a life of luxury.  drug excesses and
waste of money there is also his
controversy in relation to Michael Jackson
that many people have wanted to take out of
context yes it is true that as I
was saying in the intro of the video it
is not something very common ual no that your
10 year old son gets together with someone of
30 Michael spoiled him a lot during
the filming of the movie he bought him
toys or rather toys not all the
toys that mkin wanted
Michael would arrive and buy them for him okay
from mcai with Michael Jackson stating
that we realized that he had
formed a friendship with Michael Jackson
because when we picked him up his
hotel room was literally full of toys
from wall to wall
and from floor to
ceiling in some way Michel wanted to
sponsor him so that he would not have a
bad childhood like what happened to him
when he was j
in fact despite the fact that many people have
wanted to misinterpret this relationship
as I was already telling you in the
videos that you have in the Channel series
about Michael Jackson that if we don't
forget we will be putting it
up here I highly recommend that you
watch  the playlist about
Michael Jackson where I talk about all the
false accusations that have been made to
the king of pop and we deny them all,
that is, look at the
series
him c I was playing fritz and he came back stage
One Day And I actually Met
him very briefly and he kind of recognized It was
after i' done Uncle Buck
and so he kind of mentioned something
and then he calls me
up half between ming and Michael Jackson
never changed until the day Michael
Jackson died thing is I didn't react to
him the way most people did  most people
like Michael jaon you know I mean he was a
God to people and to me he was you
know I knew he was a pop Singer but
Beyond that you know I didn't I wasn't
One of the fans I think That's One of
reasons Why we connected Was the fact
That you know I me I call a jerk All the time We
all Did I mean he was you know friend
What happ at the What all these
things in fact ma even testified in
his favor on several occasions due to
the false accusations that I am
telling you about  really I mean we played
video games you know  we you know played
Park well the thing is the thing is with that the
whole thing is that you know you're in the
same bedroom as him It's like I don't think
you Michael bedroom is
Stories bathroom and and bedroom he
was also named by Michael Jackson
as the godfather of his three children of the
three and continues to maintain a
fairly close relationship with
them today Especially with Paris who in
fact has mentioned on occasion
that Mai is more than a friend and is
part of the
family the moment he broke was
when he had the money that his
father had who stopped being his guardian and
now had another he returned to school
being the most famous child in the world and
having his life sorted at 13
years old his movies stopped selling so
now he was only called for
small movies or secondary roles
fame consumed him and everything he had
suffered from his father led him to
slowly descend to the lowest his
drug problem was an
open secret but in 2004 at 23 years old everything
exploded he was arrested for possession of
marijuana and drugs without a prescription in
this case chanax I think  pronounce it
like that and you clone Pam which are quite
important and quite strong drugs, let's see, they are
actually tranquilizers,
meaning that if you're taking
this tranquilizer it's because you're
taking harder drugs. No, and
normally these types of substances, like
for example orace pan dias pa and all
these things, they are usually used to
counteract the effect of other
strong drugs that they are taking. In fact,
marijuana was legal, what was not
legal was having these medications without a
prescription. The image of Macol Calking
so old with that photograph, that bad
face and that adult appearance. Well, it was
quite shocking and it shocked the whole
world. His private life was in chaos between
2002 and 2010. He had a relationship with Mila
Cani, which was also a complete
disaster, meaning they were both into
drinking, they were always involved in things. It
was common for
images of Macol and Kalkin to go viral, having
problems with journalists,
trying to hit them. In fact, he also
hung out with a gang and they would start pretending to
take photographs, imitating and parodying
these scenes, something that didn't help him either.
I think it also caused his death.
Michael Jackson's was one of the
hardest moments for him and it sank him more, I mean, it
's like you were already down but there's
something that bothers you, not your head. Although it
's true that he preferred to carry the
duel in private when he broke up with Mila.
Well, this girl came out at the time to say
that a large part of it was her fault,
which people understood as that there had
probably been
infidelities there. Although they have not been
confirmed. Although Well, before
Michael Jackson died, he had already gone through
that moment. I think the hardest part of
his life is realizing everything that
this kid has going on. Well, his
sister was run over by a truck, the
guy was drunk, he ran her over and the girl
died in the hospital, Dakota, that was her
name. It was a huge blow, imagine
not losing a sister like that. And
well, in 2012, this image went viral
on the cover of this National
Enquire magazine, which I'm sure you've
all seen. No, it's just that it was something like
super, hyper, mega viral, Maali Kalkin was
addicted to heroin, 6 months to live.  it's
like well this was a lie he
denied it well at least he
denied it Although it is true that the
physical appearance was bad but
well he hasn't had months of life he is
still alive today in fact
today he is rehabilitated but he did
come out to deny through his
representative that he was involved
in heroin or anything like that although as I
said it was quite common to see
Maal Kalkin around eh let's say affected at
least by drinking with the passage of the
years his image has been improving In fact
here you can see an image that he published
on his Twitter for the year 2019 it seems
that with let's say the skin is more
restored And well, he uses his Twitter
a lot to joke around to upload
things and so on, he dedicated himself to attending
some Comic cons which are these
conventions not a bit geeky about
movies, video games and so on, he has
a quite strange band that is
characterized by putting pizzas on their
faces, I mean, I don't understand why
[Music]
what But hey, everyone adapts to
life as they
can And well, I think  that a big
part of his restoration although some
call it redemption is his relationship with
Brenda, they are the actress who played
London it is the series of zak and cody which is
something that caught a
lot of attention because they are characters,
not that even though they are actors, the two with
completely opposite lives no and it is
like super random that they have come together
Well in fact they are still together
today they are doing very well nobody bet on
this relationship but well there they are
both he has improved his life
shockingly we see makal kalkin already
reformed again in conditions He had
a daughter in 2019 whom he named
Dakota in honor of his sister in 2022 he
had his second son named carlson and
has returned to mainstream acting
specifically his role in season 10
of American Horror Story It was quite
applauded by the public Well in fact
according to what he has commented in a podcast he has
not had more roles because he has not
accepted everything that has been offered to him
pur Big Bang
he said
In fact recently he was commenting that
he was offered batb Theory at a million
dollars per episode It was Just like
they like Oh we get some real like
physic to like you know do the And I
said like yeah no I said I'm cool like Thanks
and then they came back at Me
Again And I said
no FL but we're not talking about that Big
Bang has had like 200 episodes in
about 10 seasons I mean you know that
series has been a huge success for sure that
all of you who are watching This video
even if you haven't seen any chapter
For example I haven't seen it I'm sure you
've heard of And you know
what it's about for
sure also in the year 2023 he will receive
his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
Congratulations you deserve t this
is the Walk of Fame Thank you so much
for including me your fake mother who
left you alone at home not only once but
twice Thank you for sharing this
happy occasion I am very proud
accompanied by his wife his children
several of his siblings nothing that makes me
happier than seeing you exist on your
own terms and without losing your
underlying eccentricity or your
absurd perspective or your great vision and
your big heart that sustains us as a
community and as a family of artists
sincerely  Yesterday I spent the whole time curled up in
tears and I said to myself today I'm going to
cry my eyes out and some of the actors
and some of the closest friends Like
Paris Jackson for example I thought I would be
on the verge of tears but I'm
surprised to be able to be here and
be as serene as I am right now I would
like to thank ropa you
are absolutely everything you are my champion
you are the only person happier for me
today more than me you have given me my whole
purpose you have given me a family and
after the birth of our two
children you have become one of my
three favorite people I love you very much so
well This is the story of mcal
kalkin's rise and fall no almost
this could have been an episode of the
series of our friend tomy and I have to
tell you that I am very happy that this
story had a happy ending and that he
is a boy who has not
completely gone to [ __ ] and has kind of
restored himself let's say not reformed his
life absolutely completely and well
this image of the celebration and such
for the Star on the Walk of Fame
next to the TR that played his mother
the movies Home Alone well it
seemed like a 10 to me  the truth epic iconic
family I will be reading the
comments box, hit the Like button if
you liked the video share it all
those little things okay I want you active in
the comments box I send you a
huge kiss and until next time bye bye
handsome